System design for RHaundry
Synopsis:
I am building a Laundry Application for my Hall residents. This app allows users to track their
laundry duration, and for other users to alert those who take very long to collect their clothes. It
also has a reward system (+1 for on-time collection ; -1 for late collection). Usage of telegram API
for alert feature, usage of Open AI tokenisation for mock chat with late collection users.
UX:
user register/login , captcha for giggles
user input their name, @tele , email and phone number (optional)
select what block, then to which machine (dryer/washing), then which number they using.
users can only pick the washing machine they using
click “Available”, then it will bring user to a pop up
Pop up will ask how long they will be using 30min / 1 hour, and a tick box that says
something like “upon ticking this information, you will be notified by other people…” , and
also a notes where user can say something like “Claiming my clothes 10minutes later.
paiseh!” and then another confirmation button
Pop up page to say that you have successfully booked the machine
on the website, the option will say “unavailable” once the user is using the machine. and it
will also say the time until its free for the next person to use
Leaderboard feature
most on time leaderboard
every time take on time, after alert is send, if users pick up their clothes within 5minutes,
they get 1 point, if they dont get their clothes 30minutes after the alert, they get deducted
1 point
mock UI: Koon Wei at the top with 67points, Zi Goong at 2nd place with -10 points
2nd place will be current user with +1 point (just update it regardless of the alert)
Times-up Feature:
Alert user once the time is up
“The MacRHine has CompleRHted its JoRHb!”
Via @Telegram and phone notification
Alert Feature:
The user is unavailable or did not pick up the clothes
Another user can prompt the user via an in-app chat
Powered by chat-gpt spoken with singapore singlish
1.
2.
3.
4.
Additional UI:
Have a mock display of used machine, perhaps like the person who book is Koon Wei ,
email: koonwei6767@gmail.com and telegram @jmaesz
After that, I can also click the message user button and message Koon Wei in the in-app
chat , Koon Wei will respond powered by chatgpt spoken with singapore singlish
also a profile page where users can see their profile, username, email, tele@, phone
number, change details (mock button
“Raffles Hall” inspire UI, dark green and black